## Additional Questions & Suggestions:

A B & C - Yes, Phase 1 should focus on understanding and documenting how in sequential order, potentially even seperately grouped by functionality, how all the components, prefabs, entities, actors, game_masters, environments, components, memory, engines, utilities, types, thought_chains, etc. work together. We should have a simulation_flow.md document (I just created this in concordia's root dir `concordia\simulation_flow.md`) which outlines from start to beggining, in a step-by-step debug-esque way, an entire full-featured simulation run. Please refer to any examples in the references folder, or any other resource available to you to gain a mastery, though don't be afraid to utilize even better/more optimized approaches, we can change source code if we are certain it will provide a marked improvement. Remember, Modularity Modularity and Scalability is our motto! Our absolute end goal, is an interactive, GUI front-end that can be utilized by someone with little programming experience, to create new scenarios/modules, configure, run, interact, observe and produce data/logs. Though it is worth noting that the targeted audience will be limited, vetted and controlled, so we do not need to worry about certain security or other facets that would normally be important for a full release or public facing software.

**D. Deprecation Handling**: Clocks seem to be the only recent deprecated module that has not already been removed from the project. We need to understand how exactly it was eliminated in the source code before we remove it. Though if this never comes into play for our development, it is not a high priority in and of itself.

**E. Phase Definition**: I think we have covered this in the other questions, also the scope and form of the master_template can still be put off, as it seems our development focus is going to be more theoretical and learning at this point. Much may change by the time we start with practical implementation.

I have created a directory for our documentation, feel free to reorginize it as you see fit, I just wanted to seperate concerns and not let the root directory become to cluttered. We do appreciate good house keeping here!

Also, your feedback is always appreciated... I think maybe before we start digging in, we should reconciliate, given the information I have provided and we have brainstormed in this session, a concise broad overview of the entire project in `documentation\README.md`. Also make any documentation with the following in mind: We will want to keep your context use low, and may utilize other Agent coding systems, and potentially even other user's interacting with you, so we want to periodically update our development documentation with the idea of quickly and in a concise manner, catching a human (who will have decent familiarity with the framework) more importantly for now, an ai agent (that may initially have very little if any context) up to speed with where we currently are at in development, our dev goals, and best practices to interact with the entire workspace.
